1. Which statement offers the best definition of data integration?

Data integration involves
technical and business processes to combine data from disparate sources to
create meaningful information.

2. How are the terms entity resolution and record linkage related?

Entity resolution is about ontologies and categories, and record linkage
involves actual data.

3. Why are data dictionaries and other forms of meta-data helpful?

Like language, the meaning of
data is often not immediately meaningful – it helps to know the history of data
and how the origins or emergence of data make allows us to understand something
about the world.

4. What is a good example of why data needs to
be “mapped”?

Data needs to be moved from one
database to a related but different database. 
Before it can be moved from the source to the target database, mapping
must be performed to standardize the data.

5. In the context of the ABA example given in
the Data Harminization lesson, what is a good description of how to document workflows?  

There are many methods and tools to document clinical
workflows and other processes important to data – the important part is that it
is actually done.

6. Select all the important sources of information
about the history or origins of data listed. (Select all that apply).

“Data about the data”
Metadata
Data Dictionaries 

7. Identify common issues that lead to data
conflicts.

Communication, schema, data
value differences, semantic conflicts 


8. Why are attributes important for
entity resolution?  

Attributes are often the things
that identify real-world objects and help discriminate between related for
different entities. 

9. What statement best summarizes the topic of data
fragmentation and harmonization within healthcare?

Healthcare data are disparate
and fragmented; harmonization is a labor-intensive task of standardizing and
centralizing data.

10. Which is a good example about how data
meaning can become ambiguous due to the ambiguous nature of how it was
collected?

Location of injury – is this the geographic location of the injury, or
the location on the body where the injury occurred?




